I feel terrible. The train just started. My body aches in places that haven't been used. The coach jolts as we move faster. "Sit another way," my back says to me. The corner looks uninviting but the pain is insistent. The dirt is black, but inconsistent, wiped half-heartedly by the shirts of passengers on journeys past. I rest my head on the wall and try not to think about the oil from the hair of those successful travellers. I suppose it's too late now. 

A head appears through the window on the opposite side of the coach. Wet with sweat, bobbing up and down with effort, he strains to lift something. I'm amazed he's managed to keep up with us at all. It's a box. "Open the window," he yells. The man inside dutifully does so. It's an emergency window, so the grills slide all the way up into the wall. "Pass it, quick," he yells outside. The box is in and the head disappears. The platform outside is now a blur of coffee machines and people standing. What does one do after seeing someone off at a train? The train is too fast for a prolonged goodbye, it's much faster than a bus where you can wave and wave until your hand tires and you have exhausted yourself with your shouts of well wishes. I suppose. The train is still there though, you could reach out and touch it and lose an arm if you wished, it's just that the people you have come to see off are now further and further away from you. 

A man stops beside me. I crane my neck to see what he wants, and I'm surprised. It's the head from outside the window, now attached to a heaving body, catching a breath before moving any further. I hadn't thought he would make it, this portly man with a combover waving high over his head. With every deep breath his shirt pulled at its buttons. "I didn't think so, either," he seems to nod at me, before smiling at the man who had grabbed his bag for him. "I'm Eleazer."

"No problem," says the man at the window, "come, sit down." I look outside my window. The noise from the station is fading away. We settle into a consistent chug, past old walls and tattered posters and the wild growth amongst discarded railway equipment. I like these weeds, some green, some a dying brown. They wave in the breeze at us, catching the sunlight and holding it for a moment. They wave at every train and every one in them with equal grace, with no sigh of wistfulness, content with what they have. A few have plastic hanging over them like the clouds we sometimes stand under. Some grow up from dark water, some from water glowing with the colours of the rainbow. I don't think there are any clear puddles here. I don't think there are clear puddles anywhere. There are plants hanging over the walls, of course, both from this side and the other, dangling their branches almost to the ground. They do not wave at us but move a little, together, when a gust comes their way. The creepers hardly move at all.

I'm feeling better now. Writing this has helped. These tall bushes with their thorny branches hanging low have been in so many of my memories. When we went to see the mangrove forests and couldn't really get very close to them, but there were these bushes along the little sand beside the water. We could see the mangroves on the other side of the water, and behind us were these thorny branches covered with intricate spider webs. There were webs on every plant, and I think there were several different webs on each bush, woven together over the branches, bending them to their convenience. Some were made to bend several times, tied to this part of the web and that. There were no leaves, only these thorny branches made alive by the silk of the web. Shining silver, sometimes gold, and then woven white as you looked closer at the center. It was a tiny beach, barely big enough for us to stand on, and there was an urgency to the way the crabs scurried around us. The dung beetles were more focused, a cow had been that way. 

